we all know North Texans who are making
a difference in our community here at
channel 8 we celebrate these men and
women and this morning's our neighbor is
a familiar face to hundreds of
Duncanville students not only does he
know everybody by name but he makes sure
each student knows their value come on
young man
come on Johnny Campbell works as an
independent contractor by trade and a
Duncanville ISD bus driver by passion
mr. Campbell knows how easy it can be to
fall through the educational cracks
that's why he's turned his bus into a
rolling classroom I feel that we have to
catch the children in their smaller and
I just love the smiley faces one that's
a good morning Lee hey Byron good
morning we're trying to educate children
here at Duncanville ISD and it begins
when we pick them up on the school bus
mr. Campbell has equipped the students
with a number of tools on the bus they
can use to succeed in the classroom for
mathematics they have the timetables we
have the days of the week the months
each child before he or she get off the
bus you know what day it is
but the students aren't just learning
facts and figures they're learning how
to be responsible citizens in an
environment where they know they matter
you call a child presents me something
the kids love it if we ever and it's
very rare that we ever have a substitute
bus driver on here they don't like it
because mr. Campbell's not here mr.
Campbell doesn't just want to transport
students to school but educate them as
well and the students notice look what
she drove for me that is so pretty -
thank you so much yes and so we named
Johnny Campbell from the Duncanville
Independent School District today's our
neighbor by the way the Duncanville ISD
school board honor - mr. Campbell last
night for quality teaching in a unique
way and for letting each child know they
are valued and they have much to
contribute this reminder if you know
someone we
can feature in an our neighbor report
email me as see Izzy at WFAA dot-com
there's some lucky kids there very much
what a wonderful way to start the day
yeah that is terrific well coming up